aor II AI a 26-year-old American Turkish
citizen grew up in the US but her
funeral will be held in didim in Western
turkey where her family came
from her father says she traveled to the
Middle East to follow her principles but
was shot in the head and killed by the
Israeli Army while demonstrating against
illegal Israeli settlements in the
occupied West
Bank tur is investigating her death but
the US says it is not looking into her
killing even though the president of the
United States said her death was
unacceptable I am outraged and deeply
saddened by the death of aiua AI the
shooting that led to her death is
totally unacceptable a preliminary
investigation has indicated that it was
the result of a tragic error resulting
from an unnecessary escalation the US
government has had full access to
Israel's preliminary investigation
and expects continued access as the
investigation continues so that we can
have confidence in the
result some see the apparent Us's
acceptance of the Israeli Army's
conclusion Ari was hit indirectly and
unintentionally as
hypocritical others say the US has
double standards and there are first and
second class citizens when it comes to
investigations into deaths that take
place abroad including that of Al jazer
journalist an American citizen Shireen
Abu atle shot dead by Israeli forces in
the occupied West Bank in May two years
ago there is already a wide perception
across the region and I would say across
the world that there is a different
standards applied uh by the US when it
comes to investigation or taking a
stance of the killing of its citizens we
also see with your colleagues the AL
jazer journalist who Shirin who was also
a US citizen
Dalai says the US's reaction to
shireen's killing did not meet
International
expectations I shor's family and the
Turkish state are looking for
accountability in her killing but
critics say the precedent so far has
been that Israel can act with impunity
imagin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer